[Music]
when you are happy with the template or
graphic you have made press layers on
the top left corner then press the three
dots followed by save as then when you
have choosen a name for your template
you will see the template appearing in
the toolbar on the
left if you in a later time wants to
change the graphic and save the updated
version you have to save it as a new
template and delete the old one from the
toolbar the reason for this is that
updating an old template would cause
changes in all the previous videos you
have
made to delete your template press the
one you want to delete in the toolbar
and click delete
[Music]